#summary A guide on how to install Duality
#labels PHASE-Deploy

= Introduction =

Instructions on how to play Duality Online

******************************************


1.Download Hamachi (Download from the forums, nowhere else.)

2.Install Hamachi.

3.Open Hamachi either through the installation or clicking the icon with 3 little buttons near the bottom right of your screen.

(Skip the next step if Hamachi is on.)

4.Turn Hamachi on. Use the power button in the bottom left corner.

5.Click the little triangle in the bottom left corner. (If you hover your mouse over it, it says Create or Join Network)

6. Click "Join an Existing Network"

7. Under Network Name, put *Xzygon*

8. Under network Password, put *duality* (no caps)

9. Press OK.

*Now you're done setting up Hamachi!

____________________________________________________________________________
===Old Version!===
10. Download Duality Online exe here: [http://dualityonline.googlecode.com/files/Duality%20Online%20v.0.0.5.exe]

11. Install the Duality EXE.

12. Install it to the folder of your choice.

13. Go into the folder you installed Duality Online, and press Launcher EXE.
____________________________________________________________________________

===Latest Version!===
You first need TortoiseSVN client.
It's a small program which is very usefull.

10. Download TortoiseSVN here: http://tortoisesvn.net/downloads
Please note that there are 2 versions (A 32-bit and a 64-bit version).
If you don't which you should take, then take the 32-bit one (always works).

11. Run the setup and install it how you like it. Reboot if asked.

12. Choice your "Duality Online" destination folder.

13. Right-click inside that folder (Make sure your cursor isn't pointing another folder or it will put the files inside that one) and click checkout.

14. Fill in this link: http://dualityonline.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/

15. Wait for it to complete.
------------------------------------------

You're DONE! Yay!

Please post any questions in the Duality Questions and Answers forum found at : http://duality.freeforums.org