#summary The storyline of Duality Online.

= Storyline =

Before the earth was civil, and before the land was named, there were two friends. One friend who valued power and glory, and the other that valued love and equality. The perfect combination. They were purely and simply, "light" and "dark". But when the friends destroyed each other for the land they had founded, they were placed high above the world, as equal guardians, sharing the responsibility of their lands. The goddess, Emria created her haven through the eyes of love, and populated it with the souls who purely manifest within the realm of the light. Denor, the god of havoc; however, built his fortress with power in mind, and gave province to the wicked, and the followers of the dark. The two finally agreed to leave one another to their own, and to equally watch over the earth, Telraia.
It wasn't long before the two friends were merely titles for these lands. Emria, the heavens of Relnia founded a leader. An angel named Rojel, who was as brave and fearless as he was compassionate. He kept order within the realm of Emria, and guarded his gates throughly, for he knew the dangers that lurked through the black kingdom. Denor had no leader. It had no order. The demons and shadows of Denor did as they pleased, and the fires of the land burnt hotter and longer than any others. It was a place of pure darkness. It was just as wicked and cruel as the souls it gathered.
As centuries passed, the inhabitants of Telraia became familiar with the lands in the sky. Though they were not visible, angels often visited their still breathing relatives as guardians. Very few of these angels were ever seen, but some left the inhabitants with stories of the two lands, in hopes that they too will spread peace among the lands so they might one day see the splendid brilliance of Emria. But with these angels followed the Demons, Spirits, and Beasts. Spirits are a ghostly sin of life, neither living, nor dead, and yet not a zombie, either. They came into being as a Sin, all the evil atrocities and dark emotions of the mind, strong enough to be seen by the naked eye. They wrought havoc on miscreants and innocents alike, without much thought as to what they were doing. They were a mindless species, and were easily overtaken by many a skilled fighter that chanced upon them. The Demons ignored them for the most part, but soon changed their minds. Denor took notice after one Spirit managed to overtake a Dragon with a pile of boulders. He realized they were Learning. He took hold of every single one of the Spirits' pathetic minds, and replaced them with pure Evil. As a final precaution against those who might want to harm his new minions, he gave Spirits the ability to harvest Magic from Emria. He then gave them a simple command : "Destroy all those who may oppose you or me, and let nothing stand in your way as you try to darken the world." With this, he sent Spirits on their way to start wreaking havoc on Emria. Denor thought he had planned everything through, with no flaw at all. He was wrong. There was one thing that he had forgotten to take into account : The King of the Beasts. He had realized what Denor had done, and, being imbued with the ability to harness magic, captured a Spirit with a Harness created with Magic. He brought the Spirit into his castle, where he set the necessary spells in preparation of what he was about to do. Quickly, he brought the Spirit into his Spell Room, where he cast spells for various things, and drew a Pentacle in the middle of the room with Magic. He cast the Spirit into the middle of the Pentacle, and started drawing the Words of Binding onto the Pentacle that lashed the Spirit to remain where it was. In haste, and out of fear of what might happen if Denor knew what he was doing, he cast a Spell of Alignment to try and attempt to turn the Spirit away from Denor's unholy grasp, and into the Alignment similar to a Beast, but he failed. He barely had enough Magic and strength to cast the Spell of Alignment. He succeeded in turning the Spirit away from Denor, but failed in changing its Alignment to one similar to that of a Beast. This Spirit underwent a change during the Spell of Alignment, and caused its mind to go into an impure Duality. It realized what it had done, and was sorry for it. It did not choose to be of the Dark or the Light side, though. Simply Neutral, not Duality, not that of the Beasts, not Light, and not Dark. It broke free from the Words of Binding, and escaped from the King of the Beasts. It went roaming Emria, free from the grasp of Denor, and with every contact it made with another Spirit, it underwent the same change as it did, and became Neutral. However, the changed Spirits could not change another Spirit, because it didn't undergo the Spell of Alignment. Because of this, many Spirits were still under the grasp of Denor. Humans did not know the difference between a Changed Spirit and one still under the dark grasp of Denor, and destroyed many Spirits, Changed or not. The Angels noticed, however, and tried to turn the Changed Spirits to the side of Light, but few succeeded in doing so. The Changed Spirits would've gone unnoticed, if it hadn't been for the Angels. He Cursed the King of the Beasts to go insane. As soon as the Curse was done, the King of the Beasts ravaged his own Kingdom in his madness. Entire villages were destroyed, many Beasts dead, and many more injured. Many a Beast Mage tried to stop him, but their efforts were futile. In a last, desperate attempt, the rest of the Beast Mages that could still cast a spell gathered together and cast a Spell of Binding on the King of the Beasts. He thrashed around, killing a few Beast Mages and almost escaping from the Binding, but could not fully break through. As one, the Beast Mages said the Words of the Unrelenting Curse, which would stop the King of the Beasts from the Curse cast upon him by Denor, but would relinquish his Magic. However, Denor's curse was so powerful, the curse was only partially removed, and so only a part of his Magic was removed as well. The King stopped thrashing and realized what had happened. With the most Sincerest apologies that can be given by the Beasts, the King used what Magic he could still use to rebuild his Kingdom. After that, several of the King's Court Mages checked him for remnants of the Curse, which they found, but could not lift. On the first day of every month, the King of the Beasts would cast a Spell of Protection across his Chamber, which allowed nothing to destroy it. He would then lock himself within his Chamber, and again, the Curse would send him into a spiraling madness, but because of the precautions he took, he was limited to only destroying the contents of his room.
The Beasts were an unsung race, truly a race without dark, or light. Simply Duality. These Beasts feared neither Death or Life. They are believed by many to be the most Accursed and Saintlike creatures in the history of all of Emria. There are stories ranging back centuries stating that, with a single roar, they've been able to devastate countrysides, and with a single whimper, be able to cure an incurable disease, give the blind the ability to see, and the deaf the ability to hear. They are intelligent, perhaps almost as intelligent as Denor and Emria, and from them, Humans have learned to create fire, build wonderous things, and also the power to destroy. Once, back when the moonlit night was filled with the howls and songs of the Beasts and Humans, the Beasts trusted the Humans. Because of a terrible misfortune that happened because of a Wretch, sent from Denor, to destroy the trust between Human and Beast. This Traitor, to both Beast and Human (Although it was neither), was named Lexor. He was perhaps the most brightest, and weakest of all Sins, its Intelligence almost amounting to that of a Human. Taking upon the form of a Human, Lexor infiltrated the place That with Which Humans and Beast kept their most valuable treasure, the White Horn of the Everhold. (See White Horn History)
Because the White Horn of the Everhold was the only item with absolutely no flaws, and all of the races knew that, Lexor knew there would be a flaw in the Dome somewhere. And, with hours of searching, he found it. An opening, on the far side of the Dome, was hidden behind slabs of Adamant placed around the entirety of the Dome. It was a small hole, big enough for a Spirit or a small Human to go into, unscathed. The hole didn't lead into an open area behind the White Horn, but directly above it. Because it was made imperfectly with Magic, the Dome usually had hidden openings that lead to different parts of the Dome, but never in the case that held the White Horn. Lexor waited, until late after dark, when no one would be around to see its theft. 
Sneaking down, through the Dome, the Spirit substantiated into a dark gas, and slid through the case the Held the White Horn. 
Turning solid again, Lexor held the White Horn to its black mouth, and blew, ever so softly, that it barely made a sound. Immediately, the entire Beast kingdom roared and shouted with anger. Beast fought Humans, and because the Humans were unaware and not ready for the fight, almost all the Humans in the Kingdom died. Those who lived escaped the Kingdom of the Beasts, fearing for their lives. 
Lexor's work done, it evaporated into the air, never to be seen again. Though most of the Beasts didn't know why they were doing what they were doing, the King did. In his mind, even as he was killing Humans, he knew who had done the deed, and for who. He vowed solemnly that he would free himself of the Curse of the White Horn of the Everhold, his own Horn, and eventually, with the help of a Human, free his own people from the Curse. And so, the Prophecy of SpringRealm had begun.
Beasts are the most Majestic and Dominant creatures in all of Emria, and the most fiercest. They are to be left alone, because of their deadly nature. Neither the Beasts nor the Demons left Emria, however. The Demons became monsters of the Night. Ghosts, Spirits, and even dragons were spawned from these figures, and with the Beasts and Spirits came the gift of magic. Magic was a special Element of the world, yet to be released until the Spirits and Beasts arrived. It spread slowly throughout Telraia, for very few believed in it, and even fewer withheld the faith and personality required to perform the spells that the Beasts had created and taught to those they deemed worthy, while the Spirits either destroyed or utterly ignored every human that wandered into its path. Clans began to erupt out of the magic that spread throughout Telraia, each with their own special use of Magic.
The Rogues, Miscreants of Nature, are able to cast Spells of Secrets, which can do anything from making the Rogue invisible from any watchful eyes, to being able to travel at speeds of up to that of a wild horse, and also easily pickpocket anyone or anything from a distance.
The Bishops, Healers of Emria, were able to cast Spells of Healing. Their Magic allows them to heal anything from a missing limb, to a giant, bleeding gash, or to repair an entire Castle of destruction. Their healing magic was not limited to only living things, but inanimate objects as well.
The Guardians, Swords of Steel, can cast Spells of Strength and Defense. Their Magic allows them to destroy an entire forest in one slash, or penetrate armor that is impenetrable to the most powerful sword untouched by magic.
The Sharpshooters, Archers of Wind, can cast Spells of Speed and Accuracy. Their Magic allows them to shoot a target up to 1000 feet away with a wooden arrow, up to speeds that rival Transportation Magic.
Each Clan worked together with the other Clans for peace and freedom. The world of Telraia was balanced. It was peaceful and thriving. It grew and grew until kingdoms began to stand. Trading ports were built, leaders were elected, and Telraia became a planet.
For centuries Telraia held life, trading their deceased souls for newborn children. Until one dark morning when an angel's wings turned gray. Varex, one of Rojel's most trusted warriors realized the potential within the dark realm of Denor, and acted upon it. But he wasn't alone. The dark angel betrayed Rojel and Emria and began to take control of Denor. Using the demonic power he soon possessed, he opened a portal into Telraia, allowing his minions to inhabit the land, terrorizing and destroying everything in their path. Rojel had never expected such an act of darkness, and was left defenseless against the hordes of once mindless demons. Emria could not afford to spare any warriors for Telraia, and focused all of their attacks within the upper realms, for Adonai knew that if Emria was lost, all hope would soon follow. Deep into the war, Rojel watched as Denor overtook their lands, and one night before Emria's leader was murdered, Rojel dreamed the words that could change the outcome of this unsung war. He summoned what holy power Emria had left to send the words back in time one century and into Telraia.
The prophecy of SpringRealm was discovered nearly fifty years later within a forest south of one of the newest towns in Telraia. It was written on a scroll, and hidden under loose brush from the forest. Because of it's mysterious appearance, and the fact that no known humans had ever explored the forest before the founder of the prophecy, it became the birth of a new town. The SpringRealm Prophecy was kept in the church and was highly respected for decades. Soon enough; however, the prophecy became a farce to most people. The prophecy was seen as a joke among the small town, and most people fought to take the scroll down, vowing that it was a fake and that God wouldn't have it hanging under his roof any longer. One priest kept the prophecy hidden, until the day YOU came. 
You entered the town, after your own village got destroyed. Although the priest didn't expect anything of you at first, you soon showed yourself to be adept at magic, and the town shunned you for it. They threatened to banish you unless you stopped using magic. Rogues pickpocketed most of your paraphernalia, and almost everyone shunned you, except the priest.
One day, he took you aside, and proved himself to be a Bishop as well, skilled in the arts of healing magic, to support others when needed, and to guide when necessary. He let you reside within his home, and taught you to hone your skills with Magic.
Under his tutelage, you became a powerful Magic user, and eventually, even more powerful and the Bishop himself.
However, after several months, the town soon found out you were using magic, and banished you. They hung the priest, who was charged with being a traitor, and for teaching magic. Since you're not allowed to be in the village, you watch the execution from a nearby tree outside the village.
The priest gets hung, and your anger starts building up inside. You know what you're about to do. You can't stop yourself, because somewhere inside, you believe they deserve to be killed. The instant after the priest gets hung, you emblaze the entire town with fire, and let it keep going until the entire town burnt down. You managed to keep it constrained to the town itself, but you know someone has noticed it by now, and you must flee.
After running for what seems forever westward, you reach the ocean just as a band of Sharpshooters equipped with bows and crossbows show up. You manage to dodge most of their flying arrows and hide behind a sandpit, but one of the archers decide to start throwing rocks. The sand starts thumping with the sound of falling rocks, and one manages to hit your head. You're almost knocked out, but you still have enough strength to reach the ocean. Crawling, you somehow manage to dodge all of the large rocks, but still get pelted with the smaller rocks. You reach the ocean as a high tide comes up and washes you away. You can't seem to move your arms to start swimming, so you just turn over on your back, and let the tide carry you away...
You wake up on a small island, tired to the brink of death.
Just as you get up to try to look at your surroundings, a group of Spirits appear out of nowhere, attacking you for no reason.
You try to fight back, but since you have no weapons or anything to protect yourself with, you fail at defending, and almost die.
As you're about to be torn to pieces by the ferocity of the Spirits, a Lone Kiro comes up and attacks the spirits, with twice the ferocity of all of the Spirits combined. The Spirits are torn into pieces, one by one, and each fade into oblivion. After the Kiro has done its work,
it drags you away as you slip into unconsciousness. When you wake up, you're on a small island, the Kiro nowhere to be seen, but someone is tending to you. Who is this person? Where are you? Why did those Spirits attack you?